ladies and gentlemen Adam Rey
that hold that bug shit that was
incredible and I'm gonna be the scariest
thing I've witnessed from up from a
window before because I was in the back
then there's a window and a curtain I
kind of pull it to the side just uh who
was it the jumped with you ladies yeah
how big was the bug or you just you hate
insects I guarantee you it was like that
small cuz you ladies seem like the type
Dover's it was the biggest bug he was
like nine feet tall it was like a person
with potentials I don't know what I
don't know do bugs have Pentacles I
clearly know nothing about animals or
insects how big was it about this that's
pretty big done to have legs or did that
like a it was a cricket big cricket a
big credit big cricket made you fear for
your life just let that soak in for a
couple minutes folks
and think about how useful how useless
you're gonna be when the apocalypse
happens Jesus Christ it was a big
cricket it was a big one I liked how
somebody was like it was a creek in this
guy's like it was a big cricket man was
it just a cricket let's get the fucking
facts straight just say you know just a
cricket is one thing but I'm just a big
cricket look mum's gonna bow to go get
my shotgun from a car fucking take that
motherfucker out
Montgomery style it was a big it was a
big friggin I don't know if I'm gonna
fucking be able to move all the rest of
my set because I just hear that were you
doing when you were after the show where
you record that on my phone so anytime I
get an email I just want it's a big
cricket fuck yeah
that's a new mail
you have been drinking yeah Sunday night
well sunny boozing you probably don't to
be too hammered just in case of fucking
ladybug flies in here in a couple
minutes
gonna be able to properly assess the
situation and find the nearest exit
yeah I gotta see this cricket not did we
kill it
she saved it nice good I was a nice move
I think nineteen ninety-eight percent of
us would have fucking just stepped on
that thing right nobody's feeling bad
about killing insects in here right I
mean that's I feel like you know the
whole PETA thing and like yeah don't
kill dogs and cake that yeah that's
obviously we can all back that up but I
mean if you're creating if you're
spending your days creating backstories
for insects looking just fucking you
know tie yourself up to that rope
alright that was a little harsh haha
maybe that's not the example I want to
go with my point is just you know if I
can take it easy that crickets gonna
show up to my apartment tonight gun to
my face
just fucking just trying to suck my
balls right what that was my sister you
were making fun of look at you getting
so much pleasure out of that moment
happening like yeah I hope he does fuck
you up
good night everybody
uh no no that's not it is that
somebody's phone and somebody trying to
fuck with me somebody's got the fucking
cricket app the fucking the cricket
noise it scares Jewish comedian app do
you have that is that him or her is that
thing please tell me somebody else heard
that fucking cricket noise all right but
maybe like that's what happens like
that's the whole urban legend yeah man
you make fun of a cricket then you hear
crickets for years nobody else could
hear them but you you got away
and because you gotta wear exactly what
you're wearing for seven years until
that noise stops in your head looks like
that best was a shitty idea man this
it's 95 degrees in Los Angeles who did
somebody actually bring the cricket out
please somebody tell me so I can fucking
not feel like I'm gonna shit my pants
for next 20 minutes I don't want to shit
my pants you don't want me to shit my
pants Oh Mike is that you man you gotta
looking's it is isn't it that was
hilarious and also terrifying bullshit
now we're even I guess
hey genuine fear you didn't flinch at
all buddy I want to be on your team when
shit goes down get the fucking Under
Armor shirt as an outer armor piece of
apparel I mean that's pretty badass
yeah it's supposed to go out underneath
fucking oh we're on the outside because
I don't give up